Fix link to portable pdb spec (#4569)
dotnet/core: Documentation/diagnostics/portable_pdb.md

## Why a new format? ##
While the Windows PDB format has worked okay over the years, with .NET Core the [Roslyn](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/wiki/Roslyn%20Overview) team decided it was time to go back to the drawing board and come up with a new format. A few of the reasons:

> * The Windows PDB format is complex, and not well documented. This complexity is important for some of the native code scenarios that the format was designed for, but it is unnecessary for the .NET scenarios. The portable format is [open source](https://github.com/dotnet/symreader-portable) and [documented](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/master/src/libraries/System.Reflection.Metadata/specs/PortablePdb-Metadata.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Windows PDB format is complex, and not well documented. This complexity is important for some of the native code scenarios that the format was designed for, but it is unnecessary for the .NET scenarios. The portable format is [open source](https://github.com/dotnet/symreader-portable) and [documented](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/master/docs/design/specs/PortablePdb-Metadata.md).
```
